feat: multi output steps (#636)
ecmwf/anemoi-core: training/docs/user-guide/configuring.rst

This matches the interface of the underlying defaults in Anemoi
training.

*********************************
 Multistep Input and Output
*********************************

Anemoi uses ``multistep_input`` and ``multistep_output`` to control how many time

> steps the model consumes and predicts in a single forward pass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
steps the model injests as input and predicts in a single forward pass.
```
